INTMDB-263: Create Resource and Datasource for private_link_endpoint_adl (#640)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/privatelink_endpoint_service_adl.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: privatelink_endpoint_service_adl"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-resource-privatelink-endpoint-service-adl"
description: |-

> Provides DataLake and Online Archive private link endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides an Atlas Data Lake and Online Archive PrivateLink endpoint.
```

Author: done!

---

# privatelink_endpoint_service_adl

> `privatelink_endpoint_service_adl` Describe a DataLake and Online Archive private link endpoint resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`privatelink_endpoint_service_adl` Provides an Atlas Data Lake (ADL) and Online Archive PrivateLink endpoint resource.   The same configuration will provide a PrivateLink conection for either Atlas Data Lake or Online Archive.  
```

Author: done!
